Python: Getting Started redis (#7811)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/python/common/configuration/integrations/redis.mdx

    dsn='___PUBLIC_DSN___',
    # Set traces_sample_rate to 1.0 to capture 100%
    # of transactions for performance monitoring.
    traces_sample_rate=1.0,
)
```

The Redis integration is enabled automatically if you have the `redis` package installed.

## Verify

### Standard Redis

```python
import redis

def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above
    r = redis.Redis(host='localhost', port=6379, decode_responses=True)

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        r.set("foo", "bar")
        r.get("foo")

main()
```

### Redis Cluster

```python
from redis.cluster import RedisCluster

def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above
    rc = RedisCluster(host='localhost', port=16379)

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        rc.set("foo", "bar")
        rc.get("foo")

main()
```

### Async Redis client

```python
import asyncio
import redis.asyncio as redis

async def main():
    sentry_sdk.init(...)  # same as above
    rc = RedisCluster(host='localhost', port=16379)

    with sentry_sdk.start_transaction(name="testing_sentry"):
        rc.set("foo", "bar")
        rc.get("foo")

asyncio.run(main())
```

> These examples will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of Sentry and will create spans for the redis commands.
> 
> It takes a couple moments until the data shows up in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples will create a transaction called `testing_sentry` in the Performance section of [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), and create spans for the redis commands.

It takes a couple of moments for the data to appear in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io).
```
